Title: Using fonts

## Using fonts

We'll now put our custom web fonts to use. In case you didn't know, web fonts are assigned to text using CSS (cascading style sheets). Koken provides a CSS editor in Site that allows you to append your own styles to any theme. We'll use this editor to apply our custom web fonts.

To begin, click **Site** in Koken's main navigation, then click **Custom CSS** in the left column. A text editor will appear underneath the draft preview.

In order for a web font to be assigned you need to know its <code>font-family</code> name. Check with the service you're loading the font from to see what name you should use. Once you have that, assign the <code>font-family</code> to any HTML tag in the CSS editor. For example, if you wanted to change the theme's baseline font you'd assign <code>font-family</code> to the <code>body</code> tag, like so:

	body { font-family:"Source Sans Pro", Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; }

To change a specific element in the HTML markup, assign <code>font-family</code> to its parent tag, like so:

	nav a { font-family:"Source Sans Pro", Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; }

**Optimization tip:** If you are replacing all of the fonts your theme uses, check the theme's settings to see if it is currently loading a web font. To check, click the gear button at the top right of the Site editor, then look for any font settings. Change them to Arial, Helvetica Neue, Lucida Grande, or whichever standard desktop faces the theme offers. This will avoid loading additional (unused) web fonts on your site.

##Troubleshooting

If you recently setup your fonts at Typekit, Fontdeck or Fonts.com, wait a few minutes and then try refreshing your site preview. There can often times be a lag between the font being added and being activated for an outside web site. If your fonts still don't appear, double-check the Font Loader plugin's settings against your web font service's requirements to ensure you're entering the correct data.